Bump GL-JS to v2.0.0 (#451)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/style-spec/layers.md

{{<Items headingLevel="3" entry={combineItems(['layout','paint'], 'hillshade')} /> }}

## sky

> A `sky` style layer renders a stylized spherical dome that encompasses the entire map and is automatically rendered behind all layers. This can be used to fill the area above the horizon with a clear simulated sky that represents a particular time-of-day, or stylized custom gradients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- copyeditor disable represents -->
A `sky` style layer renders a stylized spherical dome that encompasses the entire map and is automatically rendered behind all layers. This can be used to fill the area above the horizon with a simulated sky that represents a particular time-of-day, or stylized custom gradients.
<!-- copyeditor enable represents -->
```
